d1: add new index & JSON content (#8692)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/learning/querying-json.md

* The `json_extract()` function - e.g. `json_extract(text_column_containing_json, '$.path.to.value)`
* The `->` operator, which returns a JSON representation of the value
* The `->>` operator, which returns an SQL representation of the value

The `->` and `->>` operators functions both operate similarly to the same operators in PostgreSQL and MySQL/MariaDB.

Given the following JSON object in a column named `sensor_reading`, you can extract values from it directly.

```json
{
    "measurement": {
        "temp_f": "77.4",
        "aqi": [21, 42, 58],
        "o3": [18, 500],
        "wind_mph": "13",
        "location": "US-NY"
    }
}
```

```sql
-- Extract the temperature value
json_extract(sensor_reading, '$.measurement.temp_f')-- returns "77.4" as TEXT
```
```sql
-- Extract the maximum PM2.5 air quality reading
sensor_reading -> '$.measurement.aqi[3]' -- returns 58 as a JSON number
```
```sql
-- Extract the o3 (ozone) array in full
sensor_reading -\-> '$.measurement.o3' -- returns '[18, 500]' as TEXT
```

### Get the length of an array

You can get the length of a JSON array in two ways:

1. By calling `json_array(value)` directly

> 2. By calling `json_array(value, path)` to specify the array size of a 

Author: ```suggestion
2. By calling `json_array(value, path)` to specify the path to an array within an object or outer array.
```

}
```

```sql
json_array(login_history, '$.previous_logins') --> returns 3 as an INTEGER
```

You can also use `json_array` as a predicate in a more complex query - e.g. `WHERE json_array(some_column, '$.path.to.value') >= 5`.

### Insert a value into an existing object

You can insert a value into an existing JSON object or array using `json_insert()`. For example, if you have a `TEXT` column called `login_history` in a `users` table containing the following object:

```json
{"history": ["2023-05-13T15:13:02+00:00", "2023-05-14T07:11:22+00:00", "2023-05-15T15:03:51+00:00"]}
```

To add a new timestamp to the `history` array within our `login_history` column, we'd write a query resembling the following:

```sql
UPDATE users
SET login_history = json_insert(login_history, '$.history[#]', '2023-05-15T20:33:06+00:00')
WHERE user_id = 'aba0e360-1e04-41b3-91a0-1f2263e1e0fb'
```

We provide three arguments to `json_insert`: the name of our column containing the JSON we want to modify, the path to the key within the object to modify, and the JSON value to insert. Using `[#]` tells `json_insert` to append to the end of our array.

> To replace an existing value, using `json_replace()`, which will overwrite an existing key-value pair if one already exists. To set a value regardless of whether it already exists, use `json_set()`.

Author: ```suggestion
To replace an existing value, use `json_replace()`, which will overwrite an existing key-value pair if one already exists. To set a value regardless of whether it already exists, use `json_set()`.
```
